
1 Access other vpc from other nat gateway (VPC Peering and Transit Gateway)
2 Rds proxy system (increasing efficiancy and When failovers occur, RDS Proxy routes requests directly to the new database instance.)
3 How to create cluster group in aws. (by using server or serverless )
4 Diff of cluster group between ec2 and fargate (server and serverless)
5 Load balancer type (4)
6 How many rules we define for ELB (3 listner, target, security)
7 What is global acceslator of ELB (Improve application availability, performance, and security using the AWS global network)
8 Taget of alb
9 What is the difference between api gateway and application load balancer in aws
10 What is the difference between ingress and cong in 
11 How to provide the certificte in k8s (create a k8s secrets)
12 what is use of search manager (kube-controller-manager)
13 what the element we need to deploye an ngix service 
14 how to expose port via ingress and  who will take care of that	(Ingress Controller Takes Care and DNS Configuration (Optional))
15 service name to allocate ip (kube proxy)
16 What is MetalLB (create IP pool and assign IP from the pool)
17 How many node we can create in k8s (No more than 5,000 nodes. No more than 150,000 total pods. No more than 300,000 total containers.)
18 Use of etcd
19 Type of database etcd connect (it is distributed key-value store) 
20 what are the docker rpository (Docker hub, ECR, GitLab Registry, Harbur)
21 what is Harbor (Harbor is an open source registry like docker hub)
22 Pipeline of jenkins to deply springboot application
23 Tell the plugins (Build pipeline view, publish over SHH, sonarcube, kubernets, git, maven, Amazon EC2)
24 how will you see what is machanism to rollback scenario.
25 Blue Green Deployment statergies
 	a Recrete Deployment   (delete all pods at a time  and create new pods after that)
	b Rolling updates Deployment (delete 1 v1 pod and create 1 v2 pods and do it like this )
	c Blue Green Deployment -(older env in blue color which is running now and new env in green color we just created and tested this also running but traffic is going on blue env.
	  once testing done we route the 100% taffic from blue env to green env. if any case application goes down we do rool back on blue env if not we depricate the blue env)
	d canary Deployment (we route some % of traffic from v1 to v2 and we will test it once it success we will increase the % and in this why we will achive 100% v2)
26 Type of elastic block storages
28 like s3 what are type of storage in aws (EBS, EFS)
29 where we keep our master node in aws of eks (in aws infrastucture and take care by kubeadm)
30 basic pods are eks give us or how many basic pods eks gives us by defoult
31 where does it sits (in case of ec2 on worker node  and in case of forgate it will launch in it)
32 where does pods launched
33 What is pv and pvc
34 can we  create 1 pv and multiple pvcs
35 if we create pv an pvc where does thoes pv created (e.g. EFS,  AWS EBS volumes, Azure Disk, NFS server, etc.)
36 if worker node go down how we manage
37 can 1 ebs allocated to multile storages
38 if you attache pv to an pod will it be what are currecnt that will usig for pvc? (notunderstud)
39 where are storing our artifact? (docker hub , ECR, Git lab registry, Nexus)
40 sonarqube? (code qualaity managment tool)
41 what is Nexus?  (Nexus acts as a repository manager for storing various types of artifacts, including JAR files, WAR files, Docker images, npm packages, Maven artifacts, and more. )
42 how do we recover artifat in case of failure (use tool like Nexus who keep the backup so easy to retrieve)
43 what is artifact? and use of artifact? (an artifact refers to any tangible output or result of the software development process.
	 Artifacts play various roles throughout the software development lifecycle and are essential for building, testing, deploying, and maintaining software applications. )